Update readme (#551)
Fantom-foundation/Tosca: README.md

Reviewer: Please replace `GO` with `Go` in this text, to match the official spelling of the language name.

# Sonic-VM (Tosca)

Sonic-VM (Tosca) is licensed under the [Business Source License (BSL)](LICENSE). The BSL prohibits Sonic-VM (Tosca) from being used in production by any other project. Anyone can view or use the licensed code for internal or testing purposes. Still, commercial use is limited to Fantom Foundation and Fantom users operating on Fantom's mainnet and/or testnet.

> Tosca is a high-performance C++ and a GO implementation of the Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM). This project aims to create fast and fully tested virtual machines using Conformance Testing. Conformance Testing checks whether an EVM specification expressed as constraints/quantor-free predict logic complies with the latest geth implementation. Tosca's GO version translates the original contract bytecode into its long format instruction set for faster execution. The C++ implementation is a high-performance/highly-tuned implementation of the EVM.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Tosca includes a high-performance C++ and a GO implementation of the Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM), as well as a suite of Conformance Testing projects. This project aims to create fast and fully tested virtual machines using different testing approaches. Conformance Testing checks whether an EVM specification expressed as constraints/quantor-free predict logic complies with the latest go-ethereum implementation. Tosca's GO version translates the original contract bytecode into its long format instruction set for faster execution. The C++ implementation is a high-performance/highly-tuned implementation of the EVM.
```

wdyt ?

> Tosca includes a high-performance C++ and a Go implementation of the Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM) as well as testing infrastructure. This project aims to create fast and fully tested virtual machines using Conformance Testing. Conformance Testing checks whether an EVM specification expressed as constraints/quantor-free predict logic complies with the latest go-ethereum implementation. Tosca's Go version translates the original contract bytecode into its long format instruction set for faster execution. The C++ implementation is a high-performance/highly-tuned implementation of the EVM.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Tosca includes a high-performance C++ and a Go implementations of the Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM) as well as testing infrastructure. This project aims to create fast and fully tested virtual machines using Conformance Testing. Our Conformance Testing project checks whether an EVM specification expressed as constraints/quantor-free predict logic complies with the latest go-ethereum implementation. Tosca's Go version translates the original contract bytecode into its long format instruction set for faster execution. The C++ implementation is a high-performance/highly-tuned implementation of the EVM.
```

Author: Discussed offline.
